What is the problem with event delegation?
How does prototypal inheritance work?
What do you think of AMD vs CommonJS?
How would you implement an IIFE?
What's the difference between a variable that is: null, undefined or undeclared? 
How would you go about checking for null, undefined and undeclared?
What is a closure, and why would you use one?
Can you describe the main difference between a .forEach loop and a .map() loop and why you would pick one versus the other?
What's a typical use case for anonymous functions?
How do you organize your code?
What's the difference between host objects and native objects?
What is the difference between a function declaration, a function invokation, and an instantiation call?
What's the difference between .call and .apply?
How would you use Function dot prototype dot bind ?
When would you use document dot write?
What's the difference between feature detection, feature inference, and using the UA string?
How does Ajax work?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using Ajax?
Explain how JSONP works and how it's not really Ajax.
Have you ever used JavaScript templating? If so, what libraries have you used?
How woudl you explain "hoisting"?
Describe event bubbling.
What's the difference between an "attribute" and a "property"?
Why is extending built-in JavaScript objects not a good idea?
Difference between document load event and document DOMContentLoaded event?
What is the difference between two equal and tripple equal?
Explain the same-origin policy with regards to JavaScript.
How would you duplicate an array?
Why is it called a Ternary expression, what does the word "Ternary" indicate?
What is "use strict"? what are the advantages and disadvantages to using it?
How would you implement fizzbuzz?
Why is it, in general, a good idea to leave the global scope of a website as-is and never touch it?
How would you use load event?
Explain what a single page app is and how to make one SEO-friendly.
What is a promise and why would you use it?
What are the pros and cons of using Promises instead of callbacks?
What are some of the advantages/disadvantages of writing JavaScript code in a language that compiles to JavaScript?
What tools and techniques do you use debugging JavaScript code?
What language constructions do you use for iterating over object properties and array items?
Explain the difference between mutable and immutable objects.
Explain the difference between synchronous and asynchronous functions.
What is event loop? What is the difference between call stack and task queue?
What is the different between a pure function and a function variable?
What are the differences between variables created using let, var or const?
What are the differences between ES6 class and ES5 function constructors?
Can you offer a use case for the new arrow function syntax? How does this new syntax differ from other functions?
What advantage is there for using the arrow syntax for a method in a constructor?
What is the definition of a higher-order function?
Can you give an example for destructuring an object or an array?
ES6 Template Literals offer a lot of flexibility in generating strings, can you give an example?
Can you give an example of a curry function and why this syntax offers an advantage?
What are the benefits of using spread syntax and how is it different from rest syntax?
How can you share code between files?
Why you might want to create static class members?
What does a doctype do?
How do you serve a page with content in multiple languages?
What kind of things must you be wary of when designing or developing for multilingual sites?
What are data- attributes good for?
Consider HTML5 as an open web platform. What are the building blocks of HTML5?
Describe the difference between a cookie, sessionStorage and localStorage.
Describe the difference between script, script async and script defer.
Why is it generally a good idea to position CSS links between head and JS scripts just before body? Do you know any exceptions?
What is progressive rendering?
Why you would use a srcset attribute in an image tag? 
Explain the process the browser uses when evaluating the content of srcset?
Have you used different HTML templating languages before?
What is CSS selector specificity and how does it work?
What's the difference between "resetting" and "normalizing" CSS? Which would you choose?
Describe floats and how they work.
Describe z-index and how stacking context is formed.
Describe BFC (Block Formatting Context) and how it works.
What are the various clearing techniques and which is appropriate for what context?
Explain CSS sprites, and how you would implement them on a page or site.
How would you approach fixing browser-specific styling issues?
How do you serve your pages for feature-constrained browsers? What techniques/processes do you use?
What are the different ways to visually hide content (and make it available only for screen readers)?
Have you ever used a grid system, and if so, what do you prefer?
Have you used or implemented media queries or mobile specific layouts/CSS?
Are you familiar with styling SVG?
Can you give an example of an @media property other than screen?
What are some of the "gotchas" for writing efficient CSS?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of using CSS preprocessors?
Describe what you like and dislike about the CSS preprocessors you have used.
How would you implement a web design comp that uses non-standard fonts?
Explain how a browser determines what elements match a CSS selector.
Describe pseudo-elements and discuss what they are used for.
Explain your understanding of the box model and how you would tell the browser in CSS to render your layout in different box models.
What does box sizing border box do? What are its advantages?
What is the CSS display property and can you give a few examples of its use?
What's the difference between inline and inline-block?
What's the difference between a relative, fixed, absolute and statically positioned element?
What existing CSS frameworks have you used locally, or in production? How would you change/improve them?
Have you played around with the new CSS Flexbox or Grid specs?
Can you explain the difference between coding a website to be responsive versus using a mobile-first strategy?
How is responsive design different from adaptive design?
Have you ever worked with retina graphics? If so, when and what techniques did you use?
Is there any reason you'd want to use translate() instead of absolute positioning, or vice-versa? And why?
